grid/api-ref-landpage (#22861)
highcharts/highcharts: tools/gulptasks/grid/api-docs.md

> If you're looking for details on how to configure <strong><a href="https://www.highcharts.com/docs/grid/general" target="_blank">Highcharts Grid</a></strong> via the API dive into the avaliable API options below, or dive even deeper by using the navigational menu to the left.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're looking for details on how to configure <strong><a href="https://www.highcharts.com/docs/grid/general" target="_blank">Highcharts Grid</a></strong> via the API dive into the available API options below or dives even deeper by using the navigational menu to the left.
```
